# Node.js Foundation Badges 2018-04-05

## Links

* **Recording**: No Recording
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/badges/issues/16
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jpeSk5Z2htzStsD-89GP3bBnTzO8HDw5Qz7-rGPCIZU/edit

## Present

* [@amiller-gh](https://github.com/amiller-gh) - (Adam Miller) – Community Committee Champion
* [@maddhruv](https://github.com/maddhruv) - (Dhruv Jain)
* [@ryzokuken](https://github.com/ryzokuken) (Ujjwal Sharma)

## Agenda

 * Set Up a Badge Issuer Account #3
 * V1 Badges List #8
 * Badge / Pathway RFC process and template #4
 * Node.js Badges Illustration Style Guide #7
 * Github + Badger API Integration for Automated Awarding #9
 * Future Meetings

## Discussion 

### Set Up a Badge Issuer Account #3
Adam: Talk about Badgr
Dhruv: Been through a number of OSS options. Badgr seems to be the best option. No limit to number of badges. Others aren’t as collaborative. Badgr would be a great.
Ujjwal: Has a great API. Good for automation.

**Action Item**: Close issue and add it to the README. Add badges team to account managers. @amiller-gh

### V1 Badges List #8
Dhruv: Its for both active contributors and for people engaging with the community?
Adam/Ujjwal: Want to focus on the system and empower people to make their own if needed, a la node school.
Ujjwal: Maybe a design review process for new badges as well – include other designers.
Dhruv/Adam: There are a lot of working groups. Would be good to have. Lets pick the number of badges for v1 and once we have the style guide. Working group awards would be easy to make, there are no pathways or award criteria. We need to limit our first round.
Ujjwal: We should make sure that we have more badges proposed. We should focus on new user engagement / motivation. Previous member of foundation won’t be hurt if we take a little more time deving badges for them vs new people.

 - Member of TSC
 - Member of CommComm
 - First Contributor Badge
 - Collaborator Anniversary Badges
 - Member of WGs

Ujjwal: Show steam badges. Ideas: Commits counts, Years of Service, Community Leader, Event Badges.

### Badge / Pathway RFC process and template #4

Adam: What deserves to be RFCd? 
Ujjwal: Anyone can make badges, but if the badge is managed by the Node.js foundation they should be RFCd and in the repo.

**Action Item**: Ujjwal, make RFC template and PR.

### Node.js Badges Illustration Style Guide #7

Dhruv: Decide the principles. Color palettes. Color per working group / sticker? Node.js foundation logo / title around edges. Should reflect the main concept in the badge. This should be the iconic theme for the badges we’re issuing. Include some of the Node.js graphic designers for this task.

Dhruv: Engage CommComm about design contracting and or choose to keep open source.

Ujjwal: Tool for making badges? For community to make their own badges from a template.

Adam: Tool would be for quick, rapid iteration badges, want to make sure we have an escape hatch

**Action Item**: Sync w/ Tierney about who we can pull in from the graphic design.
**Action Item**: Open issue in CommComm about design needs and OSS contrib vs design contractor.


### Github + Badger API Integration for Automated Awarding #9

Ujjwal: Been looking into API integrations past couple weeks and the Github bot. Org hooks may be an issue but we can work through it. Potential problem: not a lot of activity on Github bot right now – may be a bottleneck.

Adam: Pro of Github bot – already in production and has 

### Future Meetings

Two week meeting frequency is good, maybe another day?

**Action Item** @amiller-gh, send out updated Dribble poll.

## Upcoming Meetings

 * **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
